{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi [Supervisor],\
Thank you so much for taking the time to explain this. I really appreciate you helping me navigate everything as we wait for more guidance from HHS.\
I want to make sure we\'92re completely aligned with CDC and HHS policy, the September 18 OHR directive, and the Rehabilitation Act as we move forward. My understanding is that my interim reasonable accommodation (RA) allowing telework is still active and hasn\'92t been rescinded by the RA/EEO office. Under the Rehabilitation Act and EEOC guidance, changes to an approved RA generally require an interactive process and an individualized undue hardship determination, even when broader telework policies shift. Telework is also recognized by the EEOC as a valid reasonable accommodation, regardless of general agency telework restrictions.\
I also know the September 18 OHR memo instructed all HHS components to pause any changes related to RA or telework policies affected by the recent telework announcement. Because of that pause, and because RA telework is different from ad hoc/situational telework, I want to make sure I fully understand the current expectations.\
To help me follow the correct process:\uc0\u8232 Are CDC OHR or the RA/Disability Program directing that employees with active RAs now need a separate ad hoc telework agreement for their RA to remain in effect? If so, would you be able to share the written guidance or point me to it? That would help me ensure I\'92m following the right procedure.\
If that\'92s not the case, then I want to confirm that I may continue teleworking under my existing RA while adjudication is pending, since my RA is still active and the OHR memo pauses changes to telework and RA policies impacted by the announcement.\
In the meantime, I understand that CDC\'92s current procedure is for employees with RAs to enter a recurring telework agreement through the telework management system. I\'92m happy to do that. I will submit a recurring telework agreement that reflects my active interim RA. Once it\'92s submitted, I understand that you\'92ll either approve or deny it, and that will help clarify how my RA telework will operate while we wait for the official guidance. Please also let me know if there\'92s a particular way these RA-based submissions should be labeled.\
My goal here is simply to make sure we\'92re both following the correct chain of authority and complying with the OHR directive and the Rehabilitation Act. I really do appreciate your help with this \'97 I know the guidance is changing quickly, and I want to make the process as smooth as possible for both of us.\
Thank you again,\uc0\u8232 [Your Name]\
}